FAQ: project options changed after appending (#421)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/faq.md

If you would like to work with a merged object that only contains a subset of project samples, we recommend downloading the merged object and subsetting it directly to the samples of your choosing.
See {ref}`Subsetting the Merged Object<getting_started:Subsetting the merged object>` for instructions on how to subset `SingleCellExperiment` and `AnnData` merged objects.

## Why did project options change when I appended samples to My Dataset?

> It is possible append samples from a dataset you previously created in the past to your current `My Dataset`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to include samples from a dataset you have previously created, you can append these samples to your current `My Dataset`.
```
How about this? This sentence seemed a little off to me.

Author: This is much better!!

> If you would like to include samples from a dataset you have previously created, you can append these samples to your current `My Dataset`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you would like to include all samples from a dataset you have previously created, you can append these samples to your current `My Dataset`.
```

Tweaked it to imply that all of the samples in the previous dataset would get moved and they would not get to pick and choose.
